docs: update blog description, keywords and tags (#1249)
iresty/iresty.github.io: blog/en/blog/2021/06/21/use-Java-to-write-Apache-APISIX-plugins.md

- Apache APISIX
- Java
- plugin

> description: The cloud native API Gateway Apache APISIX already supports Java to write plug-ins. Users can not only write plug-ins in Java language, but also integrate into the Spring Cloud ecosystem.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: The cloud native API Gateway Apache APISIX already supports Java to write plugins. Users can not only write plugins in Java language, but also integrate into the Spring Cloud ecosystem.
```
